This is a map of our school.
There are six buildings in our school.
A library, an office building,
a classroom building,
a dining hall,
a sports hall,
and a science building.
In the middle of the school,
is a big playground.
The library is on the left of the playground near the school gate.
There are many books, maps, and computers in it.
Behind the library, on the left, are the school offices.
Between this building and the dining hall,
is the classroom building with 24 classrooms.
On the right of the classroom building is the dining hall.
In front of the dining hall is the sports hall.
And the building in front of that is for science.
There are six science labs and five computer rooms in the science building.